So let's start working with the future of the Web site.
You can see that we have these three sections on the bullet on the bottom.
We have some content for the about outdoors.
We also have some categories for the different categories of the pros and we also have the menu.
So we're going up and Crome and then going up in the back in and then going up in obedience deems periods
we get.
So in a storefront you will find that we have for the friend Forder we did songs.
So for example it's the dextro here these when I read or write it takes you can use that to text.
It's going to be something like in the newest version of what was we have these manually something nice
and we're going out about Ole's about was and what we're going to pick up stakes.
So let's say that we went to either mild description of the business one that's the and now you're going
up in the front end level and you can see we have about those.
So this is this banding you know they can't an area because we only have one widget is currently active.
So we're not close these.
So for example you can see that we have categories right here.
And if you happen again in the back in you can see that on the bottom we have a lot of different widgets
specially designed for commerce.
And you have the average rating field there.
The guard in Korea will find these commercial brother categories so you can read here and add these
to the.
Now the widget and you can see that we have some different options.
These are the options where you can customize how these is going to be this play.
So you can see if we could get the words right here and then when I leave that title of the categories
I mean this is really a descriptive name.
So what do you say android of the phone.
And again you can see them a couple of categories.
And we have candle's guide.
Else come cutes and tightwads you can change the scene.
For example am active these done with these one and say reload.
You can see that we have these number with the amount of probes that we have available.
We can check these one show this is a drop down say and reload the front and and then you can select
from these drop and you may have been in another.
We finally have these seen in many years so on.
Check these and for me it does show Iraqi save and reload is going to be the one that I want to use.
So next for example you have a menu and we come for example Greek You don't cause the menu and from
here you can have and we're going to use for column for a widget and for if you can select the many
that went to the play.
My opinion I'm going to use the main navigation.
This is the same menu that we have on the top and I'm going to use this in the food.
So what.
What are you on at the menu right here.
Save these.
And you know the front in and you can see we have these menu and we have something like this.
So we said we can't remove For example this because we're ready have these on the right on the left
and we'll kind of studies but you have a bunch of different widgets and we get songs to play with when
you're customizing your combers store.
Once we're in the shop page I'm going to show you how to work with all of these and the different options
that each of these idiots has.
But now you can see this is looking better.
So the don't we have this by and we have everything in this stuff from the sign will combers.
We're going to see how we can add these decks only.
And we're going to add this Jasus to have something like this.
You can see I'm using the search and that is search.
When did updateable when I click hit is going to be a column for the widget.
And I said Sure I hear something that I was missing.
So the front in and I you can see we have the search.
So it's Gandini in the next video.